Create DMCA file for ticket 97358
To Netlife Legal team:
I have read and understand Netlify’s Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

My name is Mijal <redacted>, email <redacted>.
Phone numer <redacted>. 
Address:
<redacted>

This claim is against Nias <redacted> (although his name may be fake).
He has a website under your umbrella https://niaz-branddesigner.netlify.app/index.html

For reference, this is MY website mijalzagier.com and this is my online store 

To give you background: I am a graphic designer and owner of the studio BOLD DESIGN STUDIO.
It is registered business in Israel, I sell my services in Fiverr.

A client in Fiverr warned me that someone was impersonating me on Fiverr here
He is using my information and portfolio (which Fiverr is taking down as I write this) to sell his services.
He is using my bio, images, and service description. He distributes his "website" (from your server) as his own portfolio link.  He only changed the name of the user and one contact image, but other than that he stole the entire content of the site (my logo, my profolio, my bio, layout, even the contact form).

He has been malicious enough to even copy my own body of work (in your website) to pretend he did all the projects I did and then distributing that link to potential buyers in other platforms (such as Fiverr). My investigation shows now that he is impersonating me on Fiverr and on Netlify at the same time.

Fiverr is taking severe action (since this is a felony) and banning this user for life. I would expect you will take similar action considering he is actively profiting from stolen material.

I contacted this person (also screenshots attached) and he is aware I am reporting him, admitted wrongdoing, but this doesn't seem to make him tkae his site down. You can find screenshots of both fiverr and your website here so you see what he has done and the communication.
To further clarify, the person on fiverr and the person on your site is the same one since he is distributing on Fiverr a link to https://niaz-branddesigner.netlify.app/index.html

His fraud is costing me my reputation, as well as loosing projects. I need severe action and repercussions.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.”

Please CONFIRM YOU RECEIVED THIS CLAIM AND THAT IT WILL BE PROCESSED.

THANK YOU

Screen Shot 2021-04-19 at 9.02.40 AM.png
Mijal <redacted>

